=head1 NAME

MooseX::SingleArg - No-fuss instantiation of Moose objects using a single argument.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Use this module in your class:

    package Person;
    use Moose;
    
    use MooseX::SingleArg;
    
    single_arg 'name';
    
    has name => ( is=>'ro', isa=>'Str' );

Then instantiate a new instance of your class with a single argument:

    my $john = Person->new( 'John Doe' );
    print $john->name();

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module provides a role and declarative sugar for allowing Moose instances
to be constructed with a single argument.  Your class must use this module and
then use the single_arg method to declare which of the class's attributes will
be assigned the single argument value.

If the class is constructure using the typical argument list name/value pairs,
or with a hashref, then things work as is usual.  But, if the arguments are a
single non-hashref value then that argument will be assigned to whatever
attribute you have declared.

The reason for this module's existence is that when people want this feature
they usually find L<Moose::Cookbook::Basics::Recipe10> which asks that something
like the following be written:

    around BUILDARGS => sub{
        my $orig = shift;
        my $self = shift;
        
        if (@_==1 and ref($_[0]) ne 'HASH') {
            return $self->$orig( foo => $_[0] );
        }
        
        return $self->$orig( @_ );
    };

The above is complex boilerplate for a simple feature.  This module aims to make
it simple and fool-proof to support single-argument Moose object construction.

=head1 AUTHOR

Aran Clary Deltac <bluefeet@gmail.com>

=head1 LICENSE

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

